# List of known artifact types




Note that:

+ Some are executable (e.g. scripts) and some are not (e.g. tutorials).
+ A single reserach paper can contain many artifacts.

+ Motivational statements   or reports or challenge statements or lists of open issues that prompt an analysis;
+ Any  data used in an analysis
    +   either  raw from a project or some derived product);
+ Any scripts  used to perform the analysis;
*Any commentary on those scripts
*Checklists used to design the analysis (see also, the Checklist Manifesto http://atulgawande.com/book/the-checklist-manifesto/);
 *Bibliographies, some of which might be annotated;
 *Hypotheses,  about expected effects in some area;
 *Study instruments  such as surveys interview scripts, etc;
 *Statistical tests used to analyze results;
Scripts to implement those statistical tests
*Any commentary of those statistical scripts
*Examples of particularly informative visualizations (e.g. Sparklines http://www.edwardtufte.com/bboard/q-and-a-fetch-msg?msg_id=0001OR )
Scripts to generate particularty informative visualations (e.g. a Python Sparklines generator https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pysparklines)
*Commentaries on those scripts.
*Baseline results against which new work can be compared;
*Sampling procedures e.g. ``how did you choose the projects you studied?'';
*Patterns describing  best practices for performing this kind of analysis;
Source code that offer an example of those patterns.
*Commentary on that source code.
*Anti-patterns   describing cautionary tales of ``gotchas'' to avoid when doing this kind of work;
*Negative results  that are anti-patterns, backed up by empirical results;
 Executable  models that can generate exemplar data;  or which offer an executable form of current hypotheses;
 *Tutorial materials: Guides to help  newcomers become proficient in the area. Some of these tutorial materials  may be generated by the researcher and others may be collected from other sources.
 Text  of an author's papers;
 *New results   that offer guidance on how to best handle future problems.
 *Future work:  From the results, there many be speculations about open issues of future issues that might become the  motivation  for the next round of research.
And others (if your artifact is not included in the above, contact the chairs to extend this list).
Tools to let novices automatically rerun the analysis
Config management files that can
build the system/ paper from raw material and/or
update the relevant files using some package manager
Virtual machines containing all the above scripts, data, etc, pre-configured such that a newcomer can automatically run the old analysis.
